Summoning the Spirit of Abundance: A Rain of Flowers
from the Treasury of the Symbolic Scripts of the Profound and Secret Ḍākinī
revealed by Dorjé Dechen Lingpa

Homage to the deities who grant accomplishment!
If any yogis who are dedicated to the practice wish to attain the siddhi of increasing the splendour
of longevity and merit they should first gather all the materials for attracting
prosperity—although to use only an arrow with streamers (dadar) and the first and best part
of a mixture of flower and butter would also be acceptable. Then, with ardent and yearning
devotion, the yogi chants the following:
hung, tashi püntsok yang gi rawa dir
Hūṃ! Here within the fence of auspiciousness and perfect abundance,
yang dzé longchö natsok trin tar tib
Materials of abundance and sensory enjoyments are amassed like clouds.
jowo könchok sum dang tsawa sum
Noble Buddha, Dharma, and Saṅgha, gurus, devas and ḍākinīs,
kasung norlha terdak gyatsö yi
And vast, ocean-like gathering of Dharma protectors, wealth deities and treasure guardians—
ngödrub yang gi char chen dü dir pob
Send down a great shower of siddhis and abundance-spirit, here and now!

shyomshyik dralwa dorjé ku yi yang
Indestructibility—the wealth of the vajra body,
gakpa mepa dorjé sung gi yang
Freedom from obstruction—the wealth of the vajra speech,
trulpa mepa dorjé tuk kyi yang
And absence of delusion—the wealth of the vajra mind,
dak sok lü ngak yi la tsal du sol
Bestow them now upon our own and others’ body, speech, and mind!

döné pogyur dralwa chökü yang
The wealth of the dharmakāya, primordially free from transference,
khajor yenlak dünden longkü yang
The wealth of the saṃbhogakāya, endowed with the seven aspects of union,
riktsal gyutrul rolpa tulkü yang
And the wealth of the nirmāṇakāya, the illusory play of rigpa’s expression,
khordé ubchub sem long di ru kyil
Let them all converge within this expanse of mind encompassing saṃsāra and nirvāṇa!

tsen dzin kané dakpa dömé shi
In the original condition, pure from the beginning, and free from grasping at characteristics,
yé tong rangbab sorshyak ngang nepé
To abide by an experience of natural rest, in which all is left as it is, primordially empty—
rangdrol gompé dzogchen naljor la
For us Dzogchen yogins who meditate on self-liberation,
yang yé zungjuk ku ngé yang tsol chik
Confer the wealth of the five kāyas, the unity of basic space and wisdom!

kündzob gyundré tendrel lé jungwé
Within the relative domain, arising through the interdependence of cause and effect,
dögü paljor si na ngön towa
The riches of all that is desirable and most excellent in this world—
norbu wanggyal paksam jönpé shing
The powerful wish-fulfilling jewel, the wish-granting tree,
terchen bumpa lha yi dütsi dang
The great treasure vase, the nectar of the gods,
marmé lotok rinchen nampa dün
The harvest that needs no toil, and the seven precious substances—
khyepar pakpé nor gyi yangkhuk chik
We summon the spirit of all these excellent riches!

ü kyi riwo chok rabten pé yang
The spirit of stability possessed by the supreme central mountain,
rolpé tso dün mizé pelwé yang
The spirit of inexhaustible increase found in the seven frolicking seas,
ser gyi ri dün kö dzé jipé yang
The spirit of splendour from the seven perfectly arranged golden mountains,
ling shyi ga dé paljor gyepé yang
And the spirit of flourishing bliss and happiness within the four continents—
diru khuk la drubpé dzé la tim
We summon them here! Let them dissolve into these substances of accomplishment!

gönné ten sum jinlab denpé yang
The spirit of monasteries and their blessed supports of body, speech, and mind,
khé dang drub nyé gendün mang dü yang
The spirit of great saṅgha gatherings of the learned and accomplished,
ka tsün tuk gam mangpö kurwé yang
The spirit of reverence engendered by solemn speech and resolute thought,
jorpa mang dü gyalpö dzö yang sok
The spirit of the king’s own treasury in which abundant riches are stored,
chinang nöchü gelek gyatsö yang
The spirit of ocean-like excellence and virtue within the world and its inhabitants—
malü chok sum denpé diru tsol
By the truth of the Buddha, Dharma, and Saṅgha, let them all be gathered here!

tsa sum lha dang guru pema jung
Gurus, devas and ḍākinīs, and Guru Padmasambhava,
khyé la tsechik rétö soldeb na
With one-pointed mind, we place all our hope in you and pray:
nekab jorpa kün gyi mi pong shing
In the shorter term, may we not lack resources,
chöden sampé tünkyen yishyin drub
And may we find circumstances favourable for following our dharmic aspirations,
tartuk rang shyen dömar delak kyol
Then, ultimately, may we all easily arrive at the primordial state!
om ah hung guru ratna siddhi punyé pushtim kuru droom soha
oṃ āḥ hūṃ guru ratna siddhi puṇye puṣhṭiṃ kuru bhrūṃ svāhā

If you pray again and again, one-pointedly, and with a powerful longing, many times over, then
you will unfailingly obtain fortune and the supreme and ordinary accomplishments. Here
and now a great rain of prosperity and abundance will shower down, and later you and others
will be easily brought to the primordial state. Therefore, when in bad times we are tormented
and stricken by poverty, to bring forth favourable conditions for yogis who meditate
on Dzogpachenpo in isolated places and who aim to accomplish enlightenment in a single lifetime,
this innermost heart of the pith instructions of the essence of the enlightened mind,
this treasury bringing together the profound and special pith instructions, has been brought
forth from the treasury of the symbolic scripts of the profound and secret ḍākinī.
Samaya! Seal, Seal, Seal!

In response to a request from the fortunate student named Samten, who has a karmic connection
to this practice, when the appearances of interdependence arose impartially this mind-treasure
was deciphered from the symbolic scripts of the ḍākinīs and unerringly written down
by the crazy person Dorjé Dechen Lingpa. Virtue! Maṅgalaṃ!

| Translated by Han Kop and Aaron Coote, 2015, based on the explanations of Khenpo Tenzin Wangdu
from Namdroling Monastery. Edited by Adam Pearcey.