The Testament Prayer to Orgyen Rinpoche
revealed by Chokgyur Dechen Lingpa

emaho, chöku kunzang drukpa dorjé chang
Emaho! The dharmakāya Samantabhadra, and Vajradhara, the Sixth,
tönpa dorsem chomden shakyé gyal
The teacher Vajrasattva, and the blessed king of the Śākyas,
gönpo tsepakmé dang chenrezig
Lord Amitāyus 'Boundless Life', and Avalokiteśvara too—
yermé pema dé la solwa deb
To you, Padma, who are inseparable from them all, we pray!

ku yi daknyi jampal shinjé shé
Your enlightened body is Mañjuśrī Yamāntaka, Slayer of Yama,
sung gi daknyi wangchen také tser
Your enlightened speech, the neigh of the mighty Hayagrīva,
tuk kyi daknyi yangdak heruka
And your enlightened mind, by nature, Yangdak Heruka—
guru yishyin norbu la solwa deb
To you—Guru, Wish-Granting Jewel—we pray!

yönten zilnön chemchok heruka
Your brilliant qualities are, in essence, Chemchok Heruka,
trinlé daknyi dorjé shyönnü ku
Your enlightened activity is Vajrakumāra, the youthful,
mamo khandrö tsowo ngöndzok gyal
And you are Ngöndzok Gyalpo, chief of the mamos and ḍākinīs—
palchen tötrengtsal la solwa deb
Great and glorious Tötreng Tsal, to you we pray!

ku yi ying su gyutrul shyitrö ngang
The space of your enlightened form contains the illusory net of peaceful and wrathful deities,
sung gi dang ké yenlak chunyi den
The melodious sound of your enlightened speech has the twelve special qualities,
tuk kyi gongpa zangtal yong la khyab
And your enlightened mind is all-penetrating and all-pervasive in its realization—
khandro tsowo jé la solwa deb
To you, the lord over all the ḍākas and ḍākinīs, we pray!

kutsab lungten sung tsab ter du bé
You prophesied emissaries—physical representatives—and concealed tokens of your speech as terma,
tuk kyi gongpa lechen bu la té
You entrusted the realization of your enlightened mind to fortunate disciples,
tsewé shyalchem bö bang yong la shyak
And you left behind your loving testament for all your Tibetan subjects—
drinchen trulpé ku la solwa deb
Kind and gracious nirmāṇakāya, to you we pray!

kadrin dren no guru rinpoche
We remember your great kindness, O Guru Rinpoche,
tukdam shyalshyé gongpé zung du sol
And we beg you: recall your pledge to hold us always in your care!
dü ngen di la ré tö shyen ma chi
For in these evil times we have no other hope but you—
tukjé zik shik orgyen trulpé ku
Look upon us with compassion, O nirmāṇakāya guru of Orgyen!

tutsal nüpé dü ngen yo truk dok
With your power, strength and capacity, dispel the turmoil of this evil age,
jinlab yeshe wangchen kur du sol
Inspire us with your blessings, grant us the great wisdom empowerment,
nyam dang tokpé tsalshuk gyepa dang
Cause the strength of our experience and realisation to grow,
ten dror penpé tutsal rabden ching
Give us the power and skill to benefit the teachings and beings,
tsé chik sangye drubpar dzé du sol
And bring us, we pray, to enlightenment within this very life!

This Testament Prayer, which carries special blessings, appears in the biography of Orgyen Rinpoche
which the great incarnate treasure-revealer Chokgyur Lingpa took from Karmé Damchen
Drak.

| Rigpa Translations, 2015.

Source: mchog gyur gling pa. mchog gling gter gsar/.  39 vols. Paro: Lama Pema Tashi, 1982–1986.
BDRC W22642. Vol. 3: 1–2

Version: 1.3-20211222